Add Certificate Based Authentication APIs, resources, and changelog (#15524)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/x509certificateauthenticationmethodconfiguration.md

---
title: "x509CertificateAuthenticationMethodConfiguration resource type"

> description: "A configuration entity that represents whether Azure AD native Certificate Based Authentication is enabled or disabled for the tenant and which users and groups can register and use it. (The id is 'Certificate')"

Author: Sounds good

> author: "Vimala"

Author: I will push myself as the owner. Should I put my Microsoft alias, or my Github username?

ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# x509CertificateAuthenticationMethodConfiguration resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> A configuration entity that represents whether Azure AD native Certificate Based Authentication is enabled or disabled for the tenant and which users and groups can register and use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the details of the Azure AD native Certificate-Based Authentication (CBA) in the tenant including whether the authentication method is enabled or disabled and the users and groups who can register and use it
```

Author: fixed

Inherits from [authenticationMethodConfiguration](../resources/authenticationmethodconfiguration.md).

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Get x509CertificateAuthenticationMethodConfiguration](../api/x509certificateauthenticationmethodconfiguration-get.md)|[x509CertificateAuthenticationMethodConfiguration](../resources/x509certificateauthenticationmethodconfiguration.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a x509CertificateAuthenticationMethodConfiguration object.|
|[Update x509CertificateAuthenticationMethodConfiguration](../api/x509certificateauthenticationmethodconfiguration-update.md)|[x509CertificateAuthenticationMethodConfiguration](../resources/x509certificateauthenticationmethodconfiguration.md)|Update the properties of a x509CertificateAuthenticationMethodConfiguration object.|

> |[Delete x509CertificateAuthenticationMethodConfiguration](../api/x509certificateauthenticationmethodconfiguration-delete.md)|None|Reverts the x509CertificateAuthenticationMethodConfiguration object to its default configuration.|

Reviewer: This might change to **Disable** because the API doesn't technically delete, but changes the **state** property to `disable`.
```suggestion
|[Disable x509CertificateAuthenticationMethodConfiguration](../api/x509certificateauthenticationmethodconfiguration-delete.md)|None| Disables and restores the x509CertificateAuthenticationMethodConfiguration object to its default configuration.|
```

Author: Sounds good

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|id|String|The authentication method policy identifier.|
|state|authenticationMethodState|Possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`.|
|certificateUserBindings|[x509CertificateUserBinding](../resources/x509certificateuserbinding.md) collection|Controls which X.509 cert fields map to which directory user object attributes to bind the certificate to the user.  Order is significant.  The first binding that matches will be used and the rest ignored. |

> |authenticationModeConfiguration|[x509CertificateAuthenticationModeConfiguration](../resources/x509certificateauthenticationmodeconfiguration.md)|Defines strong auth configurations. This configuration includes the default authentication mode and the different rules of strong auth bindings. |

Author: Sounds good
